You're the woman in the blue.
You.
It's the little eunuch.
Courage, this is holy.
You are the emperor.
This is Miao Quaternary.
It's not easy.
Your Majesty, you are my servant.
How can she be the blue beauty? She's my favorite blue beauty.
Princess Yao
The struggle of the three of us has officially begun.
You dare to steal the man of the bow under the bow of the bow.
Lady, you've misunderstood your servant.
I didn't know he was the emperor.
Moreover, he is not your man.
He's from the harem.
The Four Great Bows killed you.
Let's see who dares to kill my wife.
Princess
She.
clothes
Flower imagination dung
Why did you suddenly remember this poem?
Is it possible to bring this little lady as the late queen?
The spring wind blew on the threshold.
The girl also reads poetry.
Xiao Su Tu
My legacy
Close
What's your name?
Mieu Tu Hy Feng Mieu Tu Hy Is
Your Majesty.
Never.
This seedling is from a cowardly background.
Absolutely not directly appointed as a gentleman.
Who said I wanted to make you a lady?
I want to direct her.
xi pin